Update outdated docs on DMS instance sizes (#22190)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-aws: website/docs/r/dms_replication_instance.html.markdown

    - Constraints: Minimum 30-minute window.

* `publicly_accessible` - (Optional, Default: false) Specifies the accessibility options for the replication instance. A value of true represents an instance with a public IP address. A value of false represents an instance with a private IP address.

> * `replication_instance_class` - (Required) The compute and memory capacity of the replication instance as specified by the replication instance class. See `aws dms describe-orderable-replication-instances` for the available instance sizes.

Reviewer: Hi @jrobison-sb 👋  Thanks for the contribution, and this makes sense. Typically we prefer to refer to AWS Documentation rather than a cli command in situations likes this. Something like this:

```suggestion
* `replication_instance_class` - (Required) The compute and memory capacity of the replication instance as specified by the replication instance class. See [AWS DMS User Guide](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/dms/latest/userguide/CHAP_ReplicationInstance.Types.html) for available instance sizes and advice on which one to choose.
```
